154 test refactorings (#156)
GermanZero-de/klimaschutzmonitor: README.md

> # run all tests
> pytest
> 
> # run all live server tests
> pytest --ignore e2e_tests/test_deployed.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# run all tests (exept the smoke test requiring a running server.)
pytest --ignore e2e_tests/test_deployed.py

# prepare external server and run smoke test against it (deletes DB):
rm db.sqlite3
poetry run python manage.py migrate --settings=config.settings.local
poetry run python manage.py loaddata --settings=config.settings.local e2e_tests/database/test_database.json
docker compose up -d --build
pytest e2e_tests/test_deployed.py
```
